Dates:

    April 30: last day to get feedback on the Project Pitches forum
    May 7: halfway presentation, you will get feedback on what you have achieved
    May 30 23:59: submission of the code and material
    May 31: Final presentation

    The final project accounts for 30% of the final grade.  The first two homeworks are worth 10% and 10% respectively of the final grade. In total, homeworks+project counts for 50% of the final grade.

    The project should be completed in groups of 1, 2 or 3 people. Grading accounts for group size. Groups can be different from those used for the second homework.

    All projects are based on simulations (with optional tests on real robots at the end)

    It’s OK if multiple groups choose the same project.  In this case, groups can exchange ideas and suggestions at a high level, but not solutions.

    Some projects require students to learn new things independently (e.g. using a ROS2 package, learning a new algorithm, simulating something with Coppelia ...). This is expected.

    Submission happens in two moments:

        Submission deadline May 30 23:59:
        - Complete source code
        - A short writeup, ideally 3-4-5 pages (for 1-2-3 ppl respectively) in double-column IEEE format, or equivalent in other formats, carefully illustrated. More if really needed (especially if it is heavily illustrated)

        Presentation May 31: a lightning presentation, including slides and most importantly videos of the system working and failing. The ideal duration is 4-6-8 minutes (strict max 6-8-10) for groups of 1-2-3 students respectively.

    Unlike homework 1 and 2, “standard” performance will be graded 7/10.  A good job is 8.5/10, and an excellent job is 10/10

    We grade the quality of the work, not the quality of the results.  Failing to get a satisfactory result while perfectly documenting one or two nice attempts + analyzing why they failed can be a 10/10 project.

    Students are expected to ask for feedback during the project in the forum.  Questions should be asked following the StackOverflow rules: https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask. In most cases, it will be important to show that the student made a good-faith attempt to solve the problem first.

    Grade components: 50% technical (proper choice of algorithms, implementation, validation, problem-solving and troubleshooting, participation in the forums, answering questions during the presentation); 20% writeup quality (clarity, synthesis, illustrations); 30% presentation quality (clarity, synthesis, illustrations).
